Universal Editor docs for merchants and developers (COMDOX-1471) (#747)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/merchants/quick-start/universal-editor.mdx

---
title: Using the Universal Editor

> description: Edit Commerce storefront content in context using the Universal Editor on DA.live. Find setup, workflow, eligibility, and reference documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Edit Commerce storefront content in context using the Universal Editor on DA.live. Find setup, workflow, user requirements, and reference documentation.
```

---

import Aside from '@components/Aside.astro';
import Link from '@components/Link.astro';

> The Universal Editor (UE) lets you edit storefront content directly on the rendered page in Document Authoring (DA.live). The same UE workflow applies to all Commerce backends (Platform as a Service (PaaS), Adobe Commerce as a Cloud Service, Adobe Commerce Optimizer). See the Resources section below for setup, workflow steps, eligibility, and known limitations.

Reviewer 2: > The Universal Editor (UE) lets you edit storefront content directly on the rendered page in Document Authoring (DA.live).

This doesn't make sense to me. UE is a separate view than da.live. "directly on the rendered page in DA" is false. Does it make sense to say (paraphrased) "UE lets you edit content directly on the rendered page in UE"?

> The Universal Editor (UE) lets you edit storefront content directly on the rendered page in Document Authoring (DA.live). The same UE workflow applies to all Commerce backends (Platform as a Service (PaaS), Adobe Commerce as a Cloud Service, Adobe Commerce Optimizer). See the Resources section below for setup, workflow steps, eligibility, and known limitations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Universal Editor (UE) lets you edit storefront content directly on the rendered page in Document Authoring (DA.live). The same UE workflow applies to all Commerce backends, including (Platform as a Service (PaaS), Adobe Commerce as a Cloud Service, and Adobe Commerce Optimizer. See the Resources section below for setup, workflow steps, user requirements, and known limitations.
```

> The Universal Editor (UE) lets you edit storefront content directly on the rendered page in Document Authoring (DA.live). The same UE workflow applies to all Commerce backends (Platform as a Service (PaaS), Adobe Commerce as a Cloud Service, Adobe Commerce Optimizer). See the Resources section below for setup, workflow steps, eligibility, and known limitations.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Universal Editor (UE) lets you edit storefront content in-context of the rendered page. The content is then persisted into Document Authoring (DA.live) where you can use most content orchestration apps: localization, bulk publish, Snapshots, etc. 

This UE workflow applies to all Commerce backends (Platform as a Service (PaaS), Adobe Commerce as a Cloud Service, Adobe Commerce Optimizer). See the Resources section below for setup, workflow steps, eligibility, and known limitations.
```

<Aside type="note" title="Prerequisite">
Your storefront must be set up and the content initialized in DA.live. See [Create a storefront](/get-started/create-storefront/) if you have not completed the setup.
</Aside>

## Resources

### For merchants and content authors

> **Start here:** <Link href="https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/experience-manager-cloud-service/content/sites/authoring/universal-editor/authoring" text="Authoring content with the Universal Editor" /> — This provides workflow steps and the full UE authoring reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Start here:** <Link href="https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/experience-manager-cloud-service/content/sites/authoring/universal-editor/authoring" text="Authoring content with the Universal Editor" /> — This provides workflow steps and the full Universal Editor authoring reference.
```
